[theme music]
Okay. I'm five minutes away.
I'll head straight to the OR.
[phone chimes]
[sighs]
Who's on duty today?
[Yoon-hee] What about galbi?
-[automated voice] Level one.
-[doctor] It means the spicy sauce.
[Yoon-hee] Right, half and half.
-[Min-ha] Without it and add it later.
-[Yoon-hee] I like it drowning in sauce.
-[Min-ha] Yes, drowning.
-[Yoon-hee] Absolutely.
-And then we can have two different…
-Oh! Hi, Professor Yang!
[Yoon-hee] Hello.
[chuckles softly]
[automated voice] Doors are closing.
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini playing]
-Are you there yet?
-[Jeong-won] Ah, I'm waiting out front.
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini continues playing]
[engine revs]
[brakes screech]
[seatbelt thuds]
[pants]
-[Song-hwa] Were you up all night?
-[Jeong-won] Mm-hm.
-Thanks.
-Hmm.
"MINUET IN E MAJOR" BY BOCCHERINI
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini playing]
Yo, bear. I'm getting some coffee.
You want one?
Hmm, sure.
-You're early today.
-I have surgery.
Hey! I totally know this song.
You wanna bet?
-How much?
-Hundred grand.
[sighs deeply]
If I know the song, you pay me.
And vice versa.
Deal?
[sighs]
-I'll pass.
-Oh, damn!
It looks like you know it.
Of course, I do. I've heard it
so many times, I'm sick of it.
So, what's the title?
"Hello and welcome, this is the English
listening comprehension section
of the 2021
College Scholastic Ability Test."
But…
"Please just relax
and listen very carefully.
The exam will be beginning shortly.
We advise exam supervisors
to check the volume of the speaker
to ensure audibility.
All…"
[lock clicks]
"All examinees must
legibly write their names
and identification number
on the left side…
on the left side before we begin."
Ow. Wait a minute.
"Please double-check and make sure
the information provided is correct
to the best of your knowledge."
What a freak.
[sighs deeply]
Oh, God, what a freak.
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini playing]
[Jun-wan] Hey, Jeong-won.
Ahn Jeong-won.
[Jeong-won] Mmm.
Appointments starts in ten.
[Jeong-won] Hmm.
[grunts]
[yawns]
[groans]
KIM JUN-WAN
AHN JEONG-WON
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini continues playing]
Song-hwa is in emergency surgery
this early?
Mmm. She said it won't take long, though.
Hold on a second.
I think I was supposed to do something.
[inhales]
What was it?
It was important.
-[cup thuds]
-[sighs]
You should shave first.
Right.
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini playing]
[pen scribbling]
["Minuet In E Major"
by Boccherini continues playing]
[pen clinks]
I'LL BE OUT OF SURGERY IN THE EVENING!
SEE YOU LATER
[theme music]
[Jeong-won] Next is Seung-chae, right?
Right.
[sighs deeply]
I sure hope
she does a little better today.
[gasps]
Hey, you did it!
[all laugh]
She's been practicing that a lot.
She's been at it all week, all day long.
-Just try to get it right.
-[Jeong-won chuckles]
I think you've earned the prize.
What do we have here?
Stickers. Here.
-[chuckles]
-Thank you, Doctor.
[chuckles, inhales]
Well, ah, compared to her blood work
from last month,
everything has gone up a little.
I think she can take
a little less potassium.
Okay. What about her sodium?
If that's looking good too,
maybe we can cut down
on the supplements I'm giving her.
That should be fine.
She's taking vitamin D as well, right?
Yes. I give her four drops a day.
And I also give her
probiotics daily, Doctor.
That's great.
[chuckles]
While you're here,
why don't we change her feeding tube?
[chuckles]
I changed it myself a few days ago.
Seems like you've got
all the bases covered.
[soft chuckle]
Seung-chae is looking
very healthy and gaining weight
at a good rate right now.
And honestly, she's looking better
every time I see her.
I know it can be hard
to keep track of her medication.
So you're doing an amazing job.
You know, over three years,
she's never had an infection
caused by the central venous catheter,
and that's all thanks to you
and your diligence.
Kids at Seung-chae's age
usually have a big increase
in her appetite,
but you've been keeping it in check.
[gasps]
Dr. Ahn.
I actually wanted
to talk to you and ask you
about some concerns I had today.
Sure.
Well, recently, I told her
not to drink any water.
But then I caught her drinking tap water
while she was washing her face.
[inhales]
Also, she asks for food
more often these days.
And unlike before, she's been struggling
with the injections lately.
She wants to go outside
so she can play with her friends,
but I think she's getting frustrated.
Because I have to keep her inside.
I've been coaxing her
into getting all her injections,
and I've been making sure
she doesn't overeat,
but I'm starting to think
it won't be so easy going forward.
And having said that,
when you were going over
all the different treatment options,
you mentioned the possibility
of a small bowel transplant.
You said she might need it
because she only has
a few central veins left now.
You said she's okay for now,
but you also said that just in case,
we should try and get her
on the wait list.
So I got her registered.
[sighs]
Out of fear,
I've been telling you
that I wasn't interested
in going that direction,
but now I want to.
I think it's worth considering.
[exhales deeply]
I'm aware that it's a difficult procedure
with a low success rate.
And that's why I was initially against it.
But seeing Seung-chae
asking for more food all the time…
all I really want is to cook for her
a proper meal for once.
[somber music]
I want to give it a shot.
I want Seung-chae to get the surgery.
I think it's for the best.
I understand.
But, Ma'am, can we talk
about this another time,
after I've given it some thought?
Mm. I just wanna to make sure
that we're making
the best decision for Seung-chae.
So, I'll need a couple of days,
in order to think about it.
Yes, of course, Doctor.
All right.
[somber music continues]
[chuckles]
[sighs deeply]
[Song-hwa] Seok-min,
do you see the aneurysm neck here?
[Seok-min] Yes.
I'm taking care of the dissection.
Do you want to be the one to clip it?
[Seok-min] Well…
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
[monitor beeping]
RESTRICTED ACCESS
[machine beeping]
[suspenseful music]
[monitor beeping continues]
[exhales deeply]
Nice. You weren't even nervous.
You got it in one go.
[Seok-min chuckles softly]
[sighs deeply]
[machine beeping]
Seriously, you did a great job.
I never got it right when I was starting.
So great job.
You're really talented.
That's very kind.
Thanks for giving me the chance.
Since this was your first time,
you're buying lunch.
[chuckles]
Okay. Lunch is on me today.
[both chuckle]
Let's do one last check for bleeding.
Irrigation, please.
[upbeat music]
-[Jun-wan] Hi, everyone.
-Hi, Professor.
-Hello there.
-Hello.
The patient is a child,
but his condition is quite serious.
-The professor of Radiology.
-Ah.
And is that guy a fellow in Pediatrics?
Mm-hmm.
Now that Dr. Kim Jun-wan is here,
can we all get started?
Yes, let's begin.
-[doctor] All right.
-[mouse clicks]
Choi Eun-dam, age seven.
A male patient with Marfan syndrome.
Oh, dear. His enlarged heart
is pressing on his lungs.
He has severe scoliosis too.
[doctor] Four years ago,
he received MR repair at three years old
from Dr. Kim at Kangwoon Medical Center.
At the moment, he is being treated
for kyphoscoliosis in OS
at the same place.
They're recommending surgery for him
due to progression of AR and MR,
in recent tests,
and he has trouble breathing.
His guardians wanted
Professor Choi Gyeong-hui
to see him before anything.
I see that
his aortic sinus is enlarged as well.
Well, I'm sure they took measurements.
Can we see it from a higher angle?
-[doctor] Sure.
-[mouse clicks]
Oh, no, he really
doesn't need the surgery.
[inhales]
Why did the doctors at Kangwoon
not proceed with surgery?
They thought the aortic regurgitation
wasn't too serious.
They did recommend surgery,
but they didn't want to do it right away,
so they've been using meds.
If they go ahead with this surgery,
they'll have to work on the mitral valve,
the aortic valve,
and even the aortic root.
It'll be complicated,
and his lungs aren't doing well either.
So they suggested proceeding
with the surgery,
but they haven't finalized the date yet.
His dyspnea started getting worse
around a few months ago,
so his mother kept waiting,
but she wants Eun-dam's surgery
to be done by the doctor
who performed his first heart surgery.
And that's why she brought him to Yulje.
[pensive music]
[sighs deeply]
Do you think it's doable?
We should do it.
But I'm not quite sure if his vitals
will hold up during the anesthesia.
Because of his kyphoscoliosis,
he won't even be able to lie on his back.
The left ventricular contractility
and the size
tells me that the symptoms
won't be too severe.
So I don't want to pressure him
by expediting the surgery
more than we need to.
The regurgitation does look quite severe
based on the ultrasound,
but looking at it now,
it does seem to still be functioning,
so let's see the patient and then decide
when the surgery should be done.
He has an appointment with me soon.
Let's continue this discussion
after I give him a checkup.
Mm.
[sighs]
[pensive music]
Next is Ms. Kang Seo-ju.
Okay.
-[door slides open]
-Hello there.
It's nice to see you, Doctor.
Hello, Doctor. Go on, sit down.
-[mouse clicks]
-Hmm, everything looks good.
Uh, don't worry about anything.
Just take it easy and get ready
for your due date next week.
The thing is, my wife is Rh-negative.
That won't be a problem
in the delivery process, right, Doctor?
Hmm. Well, you see,
an Rh-negative blood type
isn't going to make the delivery riskier
than already is.
We've already given your wife
an antibody injection,
and the baby is doing great at the moment.
But the thing is, if she loses blood,
to the point
where she'll be needing transfusion,
well, we may have a hard time with that.
But that doesn't happen very often,
so I advise you not to worry too much.
Dr. Yang, you're not going anywhere
or anything, right?
Me? Why?
You don't go anywhere.
You've been taking such good care of me
and my baby for the past few months.
So I want you to deliver my baby.
Yes. Of course, it'll be done by me.
But if you go into labor
at night or early on in the morning,
ah, another doctor on duty
may end up taking care of--
That's not going to happen, Doctor.
You see, I'm going to make sure,
that my baby comes out
while you're on duty.
[chuckles]
All right.
[cheerful music]
[clanks]
[thuds]
[Ik-jun] Hey, everyone.
[nurses] Hello, Professor.
You good?
We took care of the cholecystectomy.
You're already past the mobilization?
I think this case is a pretty easy one.
[Ik-jun] Hmmm, no, it isn't.
No way this is an easy one.
-[monitor beeping]
-[Ik-jun chuckles]
You did a great job here.
No bleeding at all.
The hilar dissection. You did that too?
Ooh…
[cheerful music]
On the CT scan,
the adrenal gland was almost glued to it,
but you managed to separate it.
There wasn't a lot of fat in there.
So I got it done quickly.
-I should have you handle CUSA next time.
-[Gyeo-ul] What?
Oh, no, thank you. But I appreciate it.
[Ik-jun] Forceps, please.
-[music fades]
-[slurps, gulps]
-[mouse clicks]
-[cup thuds]
Is the food not here yet?
What did you order?
Convenience store food.
All right.
-[quirky music]
-[sighs]
-What's for lunch?
-Convenience store food.
Nice.
[water trickles]
Hey, guys, why am I always
the one doing these things?
Did I offer to do it?
Yes, you said that you would.
Really?
[quirky music ends]
-[Jeong-won sighs]
-[blows air]
Did Jeong-won really offer
to pay for everything?
No, he didn't say he would.
-But he'd do it anyway. So why bother?
-[comical music sting]
[Seok-hyeong] Is Ik-jun still in surgery?
[Song-hwa] Mm-hmm.
He's had three transplants booked
just this week alone.
The patients had to wait,
so he'll take on as many as he can.
Is he going to be free this weekend?
That I'm not really sure of. Why?
Are you guys free this weekend?
How about karaoke?
It's been a while, right?
Hey, Jeong-won. Got any plans?
No, not yet.
But I'll probably hang out with Gyeo-ul.
We couldn't last week, so I wanna see her.
[slurping]
Me too.
[comical music sting]
You'll see Dr. Jang too?
Not that. I've got plans this weekend.
-There's no way.
-Are you really seeing
someone this weekend?
Wait, you're not talking
about your mom again, are you?
-Seriously, why do you always do this.
-Enough, man, seriously!
You, what are you and Ik-jun doing?
We're going on a date.
[gentle music]
Uh, Ik-jun and I…
We're having dinner together this weekend.
And I think we're going for a walk.
-Okay.
-You guys do that all the time.
I guess they'll have more fun
this weekend.
That reminds me. His sister was here
when he was hospitalized.
-Oh, Ik-sun?
-Yes. Ik-sun, my pigeon.
[Jeong-won, Seok-hyeong, and Song-hwa]
You're "Pigeon"?
-I mean, I saw a pigeon.
-[wing flapping]
Anyway, the first day
she was here to look after Ik-jun,
she saw him hanging out with Song-hwa.
I thought the two of them were dating.
[both laugh]
-Are you serious?
-[Seok-hyeong] Really?
But I gonna say,
even I thought that they were a couple
after I heard her say all of those things.
[men laugh]
I really thought something was going on.
We're actually dating.
[laughs]
You mean you and Ik-jun really are dating?
Yes.
[laughs]
[cracking sound]
I'll eat my hat, if you really are.
I'll change my last name.
I'll give you my house, my car,
and even all the stocks I own.
Me too.
[tinkles]
[munching]
Can you all say that one more time?
I wanna record it.
[cell phone beeps]
[quirky music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Gyeo-ul] Seung-chae?
The kid who ended up
with short bowel syndrome
after her neonatal surgery?
Yes. And Professor Ahn told me,
if Seung-chae
would be needing a transplant.
I'd have to assist him,
so he told me to read up on the procedure.
I did some reading,
and it looks very tough.
Intestinal transplantation?
Yeah.
Do they really do that in Korea?
I've only read about it.
Hmm, only one or two cases a year
in the entire country,
and that includes children
and adult patients.
It's a difficult procedure,
and the success rate isn't very high.
Lower than that of kidney
or liver transplants?
[Gyeo-ul] Mm-hmm.
Because compared to other organs,
the small bowel is much less likely
to adapt and function
when transplanted into a recipient's body.
Kidney and liver transplant survival rates
are higher than 90 percent.
But bowel transplants… 50 percent.
Maybe not even 50 percent.
Um…
That's why many parents
offer maintaining the current condition
without getting the transplant.
There are some effective medication,
so the patients can stay
pretty healthy for years.
I'd probably do the same thing.
Knowing how risky it is,
it's a hard choice to make.
But I've spoken with many mothers
who are considering
a small bowel transplant.
-Really?
-[Gyeo-ul] Hmm.
Children get older.
And as they get older,
they start asking their parents
for more and more food.
Ah…
Every day, the kids would want to eat
until they feel full.
But their parents can't let that happen.
It must be heartbreaking
for them to do that.
But with a small bowel transplant,
in the event that it goes well,
the kids can eat as much as they want.
So they still want to try it
even if the procedure's as risky as it is.
But once they make up their mind
and push through with it,
they start worrying
the surgery will go wrong
and end up deciding not to.
It's hard. It's a difficult decision.
So then, what do we do, huh?
Well, the thing is…
her mother wants her
to get the transplant.
And if Seung-chae has no
other medical issues to consider,
Professor Ahn is going to do it.
How many small bowel transplants
has he performed so far?
Has he done a lot?
Hmm. I think Professor Ahn
is the only one at Yulje
who has experience
performing small bowel transplants.
He's worked on three cases.
Were they all successful?
Only one of them was.
The other two weren't as lucky.
Ah…
[somber music]
[cell phone ringing]
[ringing stops]
Where are you?
Did the surgery go well today?
[Gyeo-ul] Yup. Where are you right now?
-In the center garden.
-I'll head there.
No, let's, uh, meet somewhere else.
[phone chimes]
[sighs]
You already called her
to say that you would do it.
Stop worrying about it.
I'm sure that it will go well.
Did I make the right decision, though?
Is this the right answer?
If there was only
one right answer to this,
I don't think you'd be torn up about it.
[soft chuckle]
You've already made your decision.
So just focus on that for now.
Just think about the surgery
and nothing else.
You know, I think
that's really all you can do.
[chuckles softly]
[gentle music]
Have you had dinner?
After the surgery, I got something
to eat with all the others.
Professor, do you have
any plans this weekend?
How about dinner?
Okay.
I have something I wanna tell you.
["To You" by Yoo Yeon Seok playing]
Well, go on then.
Not now.
And not here.
And not dressed like this.
I want to wear my normal clothes.
[chuckles]
I think it can wait.
I'll tell you this weekend.
Okay.
["To You" by Yoo Yeon Seok
continues playing]
[door opens]
-[man] Oops.
-[objects clattering]
-So, ah, on the… that case that we…
-Right.
Yeah. Well… Well, you know.
You did your best, but that does happen.
-I really should've been more careful.
-Mmm.
-[door closes]
-Thank you.
[Gyeo-ul sighs]
[both chuckle]
["To You" by Yoo Yeon Seok
continues playing]
[soft chuckle]
-Seriously?
-[Seok-hyeong] Mm.
Why didn't you tell us earlier?
I tell you guys…
[clears throat]
…that I have plans this weekend.
You meant that
you have plans with Dr. Chu?
[laughs]
Gosh, I'm so happy for you.
[sighs]
[scoffs]
To be honest, we kinda knew
that there was something
going on between you two,
but we had no idea that
you guys were already a couple.
You already knew?
How can I not?
Those eyes of yours
are always glued to Dr. Chu.
[awkward chuckle]
Are they?
[scoffs]
So you're finally dating again, huh?
Be good to her.
Hmm. I'll take care of her.
[chuckles]
Your mother doesn't know, does she?
Hmm. But I'm planning to tell her tonight.
I'm kinda nervous about it.
So I've got a back-up plan waiting,
just in case.
That's something else I wanna talk about.
What do you mean?
It's nothing.
[inhales]
-I'll be going.
-Bye.
[slurps]
Are you on duty tonight?
[grunts]
I don't think you are.
Ik-jun is on duty tonight.
I'm waiting for him
so we can get dinner together.
He has to stop by the ICU
after his surgery,
so I'm waiting for him.
Hmm.
[Seok-hyeong sighs]
No way.
For real?
Mm-hm.
[Seok-hyeong inhales]
-Wow!
-[both laugh]
So it is for real!
Yeah.
I'm so happy for you.
This…
make's me so happy.
-[chuckles]
-[gentle music]
But why didn't I know? You two…
really care for each other.
I never saw this coming.
Wow!
This is such great news.
I'm so happy for you.
You did good, Chae Song-hwa.
Cut it out.
It still feels so awkward and funny,
I can't even look at his face.
So it really is true!
Yeah, I told you! It's true.
-Wow!
-[both laugh]
[exhales deeply]
-[chuckles]
-["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
Hey, Ik-jun, let's go eat.
["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok
continues playing]
-Song-hwa.
-Hm?
Let's do what other couples do, you know.
[Ik-jun] Mm.
Feed me, and I'll eat it.
Ah. Like, ah…
Yeah, like this.
-Ah…
-[laughs]
What are you doing?
[both laugh]
[exhales deeply]
I'll do it.
Will you really?
I'll try it.
[exhales sharply]
[Ik-jun] Okay. Hold on. Hmm.
[quirky music]
Here.
Ah…
-What are you doing?
-[laughs]
-Why are your eyes closed?
I'm the one who's being fed here.
Gosh, I can't do this.
-Ah. Goodness.
-Just forget it.
Let's just feed ourselves.
Okay.
-Gosh.
-[blows]
-[sighs]
-All right.
[light music]
So Ik-sun is coming to Seoul this weekend?
Yeah, her friend who got recently married
is throwing a housewarming party.
She's bringing U-ju.
-Mmm.
-Yeah.
Gosh, why can't we do it, though?
I mean let's just like… Ah…
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[Ik-jun] All right, let's go.
Hurry. We have to go all the way
to Internal Medicine.
[uplifting music]
We have the lab results
for Mr. Bae's wife.
Everything looks good so far.
Hmm. I checked the MRI scan,
and the bile duct looks good too.
How's Mr. Bae's bilirubin levels?
Uh, it's went up to 15.6 last I checked.
[coughs]
[Ik-jun] You've received embolization
and radiotherapy,
but it looks like your liver function
is still deteriorating.
You'll be needing a transplant
as soon as possible.
I checked the X-ray,
and your pneumonia is getting better.
We'll wait another week.
And if things keep improving,
we'll set a schedule for your surgery.
Gosh, we could have done all this sooner,
but this stubborn man
put us through all that trouble
and caused this delay.
[coughs]
He's not stubborn.
He's just not feeling well. That's all.
I know that, Doctor,
but he needs to get through this.
He needs to survive this and recover.
Then he can treat me like a queen
for the rest of his life.
My kids came up
with a great nickname for him.
-What is it?
-It's Papillon.
[chuckles]
Papillon!
Papillon…
-[sighs]
-Come on now. That's all in the past.
I won't do it again.
Yeah. You'd better not do it again.
I do see some donors run away
from time to time,
but you were the first and only recipient
went AWOL in my entire career as a doctor.
[chuckles]
I'm really sorry.
If we did this last year,
we could have taken the trip
with the kids this summer. Idiot.
Maybe you won't get
a ticket trip this summer,
but every summer
and every winter after this,
you can do whatever you want to do.
Do you really mean that, Doctor?
Yes, if the surgery and treatment go well,
I have no doubt about it.
Doctor, I really want
to live through this.
I want to survive, so I can repay my wife
for everything she's done for me.
So I need you to save my life.
I'm counting on you, please, Doctor.
[emotional music]
[sighs deeply]
[breathes heavily]
How long has Eun-dam
been breathing like this?
It's been a few months now.
He can't sleep while lying down,
so lately he has been
sitting up like this.
[sighs]
[mouse clicking]
Eun-dam, do you think we can measure
your height and weight one more time?
Sure.
You can go by yourself, can't you?
I'm not a baby.
You've got this, Eun-dam.
Okay.
I know I can do this.
See you in a minute.
Let's go, Eun-dam.
I'm sure that you know by now,
how risky the surgery can be.
So I'm gonna be honest with you.
He can't keep living like this.
He should be able to sleep lying down,
and he should breathe comfortably.
I'll make time so we can expedite
Eun-dam's surgery. Is that okay?
Okay. Thank you, Dr. Kim.
[serious music]
Oh, you're looking pretty good.
You've been taking your meds, haven't you?
Of course. I always take
the immunosuppressants on time.
Warfarin too. I've been following
the regimen religiously.
He really takes so many pills.
It's unbelievable.
[all chuckle]
I know it's tough to keep track,
but you keep on doing what you're doing.
From now on, you can come back and see me
every three months. Gosh.
This must have been so hard.
Coming all the way to Seoul once a month
must put a hole in your pocket.
Ah. Actually, Doctor.
We moved, and we live here now.
Oh, is that so?
Yes. Our son got a job here in Seoul,
so we moved here with him.
For his appointments with you
and with the heart specialist as well.
[chuckles]
It was exhausting
to commuting back and forth all the time.
So anyway, we moved
to Seoul just last month.
We live quite close to this hospital.
You don't have to arrive
the day before anymore.
That's right. It's nice that
we can take our time coming here.
[chuckles]
Who'd have thought that in my age,
I'd get the chance to live in Seoul?
-Oh…
-[Jong-gil laughs]
Come on, you're still young.
I guarantee it.
You will adjust in no time.
All right. I'll see you
in three months then.
-Yes, thank you.
-Thank you so much.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
I'm planning to do
a valve-sparing operation.
[sighs]
Wouldn't the Bentall operation be better?
I'll try my best.
We'll replace the mitral valve
with an artificial one,
and there's a big difference
between having two artificial valves
and just having the one,
so I want to fix the aortic valve
without replacing it.
We'll replace the aortic root
with artificial vessels.
But as for the aortic valve, we're gonna
have to try our best to save it.
I already called him.
He'll come and help us out
as soon as his appointments are all done.
Who will?
What?
Whether a valve-sparing operation
will be successful or not
directly depends on
the surgeon's level of experience.
Eun-dam is still a child, so…
the more experienced the surgeon
has under his belt,
the better Eun-dam chances are.
The logic behind it is pretty simple.
And Eun-dam's case is
a pretty difficult one to manage,
even for experienced surgeons.
So, it should be done by someone
who's more experienced than I am at this.
[uplifting music]
Can I send in the next patient, Doctor?
-[Jun-wan] Just a minute.
-Sure.
I just sent you
the patient's chart number,
I want you to take a look
at his CT scan and his echo.
Can you do that for me?
I performed an MR repair
on this kid a few years ago.
But MR recurred. And the progression of AR
caused aortic root dilation.
The mitral valve needs to be fixed,
and so do the aortic root
as well as the aortic valve.
You're more experienced
with valve-sparing operations than I am.
Could I ask you to take this one?
Okay, thank you.
-Send the next one in.
-[nurse] Okay.
[mouse clicks]
[Rosa] You've resigned as chairman,
that means you're out of your job.
[Jong-su] Right. I don't have a home,
and I don't have a job either.
[sighs]
I guess I'm a hobo now.
-[laughs]
-[Jong-su scoffs]
I guess I can let you stay here,
just pay me 500,000 a month.
Without a deposit?
Right. Without a deposit, 500,000 a month.
Wow, gosh, thanks.
You know this is what friends are for.
[chuckles]
-[both sigh]
-[birds chirping]
Was it nice seeing your kids?
It was.
It was nice to see my son
and my grandkids after so long.
That's good to hear.
[scoffs]
Well, I knew it would turn out this way.
So did I.
[both laugh]
-Oh, dear.
-[sighs]
-Hey, Rosa.
-Mmm.
Since you're giving me
a discount on the rent,
let me do you a favor
and grant one of your wishes.
[gasps]
-Really?
-Yeah, let's go together.
[grunts]
[Jong-su clicks tongue]
We won't be able to walk for too long,
but we'll go together.
But just so you know,
I can't walk the whole way. Hmm.
-Really, if I do that, I'll die.
-[giggles]
Of course, you can't. And neither can I.
That's way too ambitious for both of us.
[both chuckle]
We'll start with the others,
and then we walk for a while,
then head straight for the finish line.
How's that?
Sounds good. I'd like that.
[sighs]
You know…
I'd be happy
if we just went to the cathedral.
-["It's My Life" music playing]
-[sighs]
All right. We'll take our time
and just walk as much as we can.
Then we'll attend mass at the cathedral.
[both chuckle]
Gosh, are you that happy?
We should have gone sooner.
[laughs]
So, when should we go?
Before we get old.
Hey, but we're already old! Come on.
Oh, come on. We'll go before we get older.
[laughs]
We should book our flights right away.
Let me call Jeong-won, okay.
-[chuckles]
-[Yeong-hye] Rosa!
Hey!
Ah…
-[gasps]
-[awkward music sting]
He told me his girlfriend
asked him to stay there.
So, Seok-hyeong has
a girlfriend now, does he?
Hmm, apparently, he does.
I was so surprised.
Indeed. What a surprise.
I can't believe it.
I had no idea that
he was seeing someone seriously.
Jong-su, get us some coffee.
Okay. Uh, seriously, what a surprise.
[grunting]
Oh, my back.
Does it mean that Seok-hyeong
won't be moving to the States?
Will they be getting married?
I'm not entirely sure about that yet,
but his girlfriend persuaded him
to stay here in Korea.
Oh…
She said, "Where do you think
you're going? Your mother is sick."
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
She told him to stay and look after me
because he's my only child.
Wow. You should thank her.
[sighs]
I'm grateful she told him that.
Really? Just for that.
Aren't you grateful for everything else?
Gosh, I know. I'm just saying.
I swear. I'll be
really good to her. I will.
When he decides to introduce her to me,
I'll take her out for dinner.
To an expensive restaurant.
Just once?
Goodness. No, many times.
[both laugh]
[chomps, chuckles]
[quirky music]
Order anything that you want.
I'm gonna push over.
Can I order tangsuyuk too?
Of course, that's a given.
[giggles]
-Enjoy your meal.
-Thanks.
-Take your time with the main dishes.
-Sure.
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, Ik-sun.
Don't come here. Just go home.
Tell her to join us. Is she nearby?
[sighs]
Where are you?
[munching]
Hm.
How did you get here so fast?
Was the housewarming party here?
No, it was across the street.
I'm lucky when it comes to food.
Was the party canceled?
Yeah, my friend came down
with a stomach flu.
I only got the text
when I got to the place.
Which one is your friend? Is it the wife?
Both of them are.
They got married
because I set them up together.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[chopsticks clink]
Hey, Jun-wan.
[screeching sound]
Us? We're having dinner.
I'll text you the address. Mm-hmm.
Jun-wan is coming.
He hasn't eaten all day.
[quirky music]
[chopsticks clinking]
[slurping]
Hmm.
[Ik-jun slurping]
Were you guys just hanging out
by the doors or something?
You can get anywhere fast
if traffic isn't bad.
How's the ganjjajang?
-Hm…
-[giggles]
In Seoul, when they serve this,
it doesn't come with a fried egg.
So I never order it in Seoul.
Does it come with one in Changwon?
Yeah. That's exactly
how we can tell it apart
from regular jjajangmyeon.
There's a great ganjjajang place
near my base.
They give you two fried eggs there.
Yeah. I hear you,
but I can't go there. Sorry.
Even Inje was far.
I don't have time to go to Changwon.
Our parents live in Changwon.
Let's take Mom and Dad there.
I'll buy everything Ganjjajang. Come on.
Why is a soldier
so crazy about ganjjajang?
[laughs]
But I'd say it's time that we…
put on our joint performance.
-You still remember it?
-My body remembers.
-What is this about?
-Jun-wan.
Let's go to karaoke.
"LOVE LOVE" BY BIJOU
["Love Love" by Bijou playing]
♪ Come on, come no, come on ♪
♪ We'll be forever ♪
♪ I love you, you never know ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ We'll be forever ♪
♪ I love you, you never know ♪
[in Korean]
♪ It's nothing fancy ♪
♪ But there's a world
I've been dreaming of ♪
And this is all just for you.
[in Korean]
♪ Your smile is as pure as crystal ♪
♪ Show me that smile ♪
♪ So I can ♪
♪ Enter your heart ♪
♪ Your smile is as pure as snow ♪
♪ Show me that smile ♪
♪ So my heart ♪
♪ Can always beat for you ♪
♪ Before I met you
I never trusted anyone but myself ♪
♪ Yes, I wanted a glamorous life ♪
♪ I believed it would make me happy ♪
♪ Yes, I'll help you
Make your dreams come true ♪
♪ By teaching you how to fly on your own ♪
♪ True happiness
Always comes from within ♪
♪ Even when you are walking alone
In the dark ♪
♪ All exhausted ♪
♪ My heart filled with love for you ♪
♪ Will keep you safe ♪
[in French]
♪ Toi, c'est très compliqué ♪
♪ Mais il est fou d'être
Trop raisonnable moi ♪
♪ L'amour, c'est plus fort que
J'ai besoin de toi ♪
[in Korean] ♪ In the early morning
Where the sun shines down on you ♪
♪ Can you think of me as another you? ♪
Oh, really? Since when?
Since last week.
You know my mom is a pretty good cook,
so she's going to sell
some side dishes too.
My aunt will pay her for all of it.
[chuckles]
That's sounds great.
I think it'd be good for her to work
and not stay home alone all the time.
Does your aunt own
a big deli or something?
No, it's a small neighborhood shop,
but she has many regulars
thanks to word of mouth.
My mom's going to help her out,
but only during the dinner time rush.
Sounds like she's doing much better.
She is, isn't she?
Mm.
Here, try this.
[both chuckle]
Can I decide where we should go
for our summer getaway?
It's coming up soon.
Before that,
can you free up just one day for me?
My mom wants to have you over for dinner,
if that's all right with you.
[light music]
[chuckles softly]
[chuckles]
I told her…
that I've fallen in love
with someone really nice.
She wants to meet you,
as soon as possible.
[chuckles softly]
[light music continues]
[chuckles]
[automated voice] Three, zero, one, two.
Hey, aren't you gonna stop her?
Why should I?
If she wants to sing, then let her sing.
Is she a good singer?
-Yeah.
-[giggles]
-[Song-hwa] ♪ Baby ♪
-[gasps]
[upbeat music playing]
♪ Ooh-ho-ho, ooh-ho ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
-Can we please hit the stop button?
-[gasps]
Hit the stop button.
♪ Ooh-ho-ho, ooh-ho ♪
♪ Oh, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, come on ♪
[in Korean]
♪ The man I love is right by my side ♪
♪ Darling, your eyes are filled
With your love for me ♪
♪ Even if everything
In the world changes ♪
♪ Don't ever let me go ♪
♪ When I open my eyes in the morning
And see the sunlight streaming in ♪
♪ I wake up in your arms ♪
♪ Even when I'm being pathetic
And annoying ♪
♪ Always hold me in your arms
Just like now ♪
♪ Come on baby tonight
Come on baby tonight ♪
[in Korean] ♪ When you tell me
That you love me say it more sweetly ♪
♪ And don't forget
Even after this night ends ♪
♪ So I won't feel like a fool
Thinking of you ♪
♪ Oh, baby ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Baby tonight, baby, baby, baby tonight ♪
[in Korean] ♪ So I won't feel like a fool
Thinking of you ♪
Whoo!
[Min-ha] I told my parents
that we're dating.
-[Seok-hyeong] What did they say?
-They're happy, of course.
They said you're much better catch
than the polar bear.
My mom, she was so happy when I told her.
Ah. That's good to hear.
But who's "this polar bear" guy?
Ah, don't worry about it.
I'll tell you about him later.
Oh, I told my mom about us too.
It made her so happy.
Oh, really? So when do I get
the chance to meet her?
Let's take it slow.
I think it's for the best
if you wait until you meet her.
Okay.
-[sighs]
-[crickets creaking]
Go on in.
You got work
early in the morning tomorrow.
I think I understand
why people get married now.
[breathes heavily]
I really don't wanna say goodbye.
-[crickets creaking]
-[Min-ha sighs]
Hey.
Shouldn't you wait a bit
and get to know me better?
Hmm.
I know all of this
maybe pretty new to you,
but I've waited a really long time.
[crickets creaks]
[scoffs]
["I Love You More Than Anyone"
by TWICE playing]
by TWICE continues playing]
[Min-ha giggles]
[music fades]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[sighs deeply]
We've been getting more inquiries
about surgery support.
We should get an assistant.
I bet Gyeo-ul would love to help out.
[scoffs]
You know, you can just visit every month.
It's okay. Really.
Ik-jun didn't pull in much revenue
at all last month.
And he has to perform surgery on weekends.
That because Ik-jun
was a patient last month.
Oh.
I see that Seok-hyeong
has been working hard.
Ah… That teddy bear.
He's a diligent one, huh.
[knocking on door]
-Are you talking about me?
-No, but we were just about to.
[Ik-jun chuckles]
Hey, I heard that Chairman Ju resigned.
Does he have any health issues?
No, he's doing pretty great, actually.
That's why he resigned.
To work for a different hospital?
He wants to walk the Camino de Santiago.
He and his friend are going
to be doing it together this fall.
You mean, Ms. Jeong Rosa, right?
Mm-hmm. He and my mom.
Just the two of them? With no one else?
Mm-hmm.
[quirky music]
It's not what you think.
They really are just friends,
just like you guys.
[quirky music continues]
[cell phone ringing]
Hey, Seong-yeong.
[Seong-yeong] Dr. Chae,
we have a 61-year-old male patient.
We did a CT scan.
It's a pontine hemorrhage
accompanied by IVH.
Current mental status is semi-coma.
He's exhibiting pinpoint pupils.
Motor is grade one for all limbs.
And breathing is unstable.
So we had him intubated.
-Send me the CT scan.
-Right.
He received a liver transplant here
last February,
then heart surgery this month.
He's on an anticoagulant.
He underwent both a liver transplant
and a heart surgery?
Yes.
[suspenseful music]
-[air hissing]
-[monitor beeping]
[suspenseful music continues]
You both seemed to be
very worried about your baby,
so we did a detailed ultrasound
a bit sooner for you.
And the detailed ultrasound
shows no signs
of any structural fetal abnormality.
From the brain to the heart,
everything looks good.
And in fact, your baby actually
measures longer than usual,
about a week ahead. So it's looking good.
[chuckles]
Have you felt any movement yet?
I can't really say for sure,
but I feel like a fish
was swimming through my belly.
Or like a stomach rumble.
Could that have been the baby?
Yes, it definitely was.
You felt that very early.
Ahh.
Your baby is growing quite well,
so I say you two can stop worrying
about it so much.
And… I'm looking
at your Hemato-Oncology chart now.
And your white blood cell count
isn't that bad.
And you have no bad reactions
to the chemotherapy.
Everything looks good to me.
Right. She's had three sessions so far.
She needs eight in total,
so it will be awhile,
but also, she's been doing great.
Hmm. But the blood work shows that
your hemoglobin level is quite low.
Chemotherapy takes a toll on the body,
so make sure you eat nutritious food.
Take your anemia meds
and eat lots of food that's rich in iron.
But also I can give you iron injections
if you need them.
Thank you, Doctor.
Till then, I'll see you in a month.
I checked the CT scan.
His pontine hemorrhage is severe,
and his mental status isn't good.
This would be hard.
Not to mention the IVH
and acute hydrocephalus too,
we'll have to use EVDs, for both sides.
-Give Anesthesiology a call.
-[Seong-yeong] Okay.
[phone chimes]
[phone thuds]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[door slides close]
Well…
in the brain, there's a part
that we called "medulla."
It controls basic
yet critical bodily functions
such as breathing and various reflexes.
He has a hemorrhage
in that part of the brain.
That's why he came into the ER
in a coma-like state.
A medullary hemorrhage is very dangerous,
so it will be very difficult
to perform surgery on him.
But unfortunately, the severe bleeding
has caused the blood
to seep into the cerebral ventricles.
We did perform an emergency procedure
in order to drain the blood,
but the initial bleeding was very severe,
and this medication
includes blood thinner,
so we can't stop the bleeding
at the moment.
I'm very sorry.
But I think you should start
preparing yourselves.
[footsteps receding]
[both sobbing]
[somber music]
Oh, no… Please…
[both sobbing continues]
Hey, Jae-hak. Do you want
to go see Eun-dam with me?
He must be nervous about tomorrow.
I already checked on him.
He'll be going to sleep soon.
You should hurry up.
Oh, all right.
Oh, did your wife's appointment go well?
Yes, she's staying strong.
Everything looks good.
All right.
[door clicks close]
-Dr. Kim.
-Good evening.
-[door closes]
-[breathes heavily]
Um, Eun-dam's surgery is tomorrow,
so I thought I'd stop by to see him.
[sighs]
Would you like me to wake him up?
Oh, no, please don't. It's okay.
I'll see you tomorrow.
[soft chuckle]
[light music]
Dad will probably faint
when he sees us like this.
Should we wash up?
That will take too long.
He's been waiting for us, so
I think we should just go straight home.
How long has it been
since we've been home?
No idea.
[elevator dings]
[both] Hello, Professor.
[Jun-wan] Hmm.
[rattling]
[elevator whirring]
Jang Hong-do, right?
Yes, Professor.
[suspenseful music]
Where do you live?
[knocking sound]
What?
Where do you live?
-You live together, right?
-Yes.
I'll drive you home.
Just wait by the entrance.
I'll bring the car around.
-No, really, that's okay.
-Thank you, Professor.
[elevator dings]
Ground floor.
Go on then, see you in a minute.
[both] Okay.
[upbeat music]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
Get some rest, okay?
-Oh. Hi there, Doctor.
-[Ji-u chuckles]
Hi. Are you heading home to get ready?
Yes. I'll be admitted tomorrow,
so I want to go home
and get all the things I'll be needing.
Try to get a good night sleep later.
I know that you have been
sleeping here every night.
Yes, I haven't been home in so long.
I want to make dinner for my kids,
collect my thoughts, and get a nice rest.
So the surgery is scheduled
for this coming Monday, right?
Yes. This Monday at 7 a.m.
Well, I'll be working here
over the weekend
so please just let me know
if you'll be needing anything.
Oh, gosh, thank you.
[both chuckle]
[phones clacking]
So you and Dr. Chu are seeing each other?
My mom told me about it.
Should I keep it to myself?
Ah, no. Song-hwa already knows.
And I'm telling Ik-jun
and Jun-wan sometime this weekend.
Hey, we're practicing this Sunday, right?
I'll be on duty this Saturday.
I think I have a conference
in the morning then too.
We should get lunch together.
Sure, that's sounds good.
So what's the song for this week?
Jeong-won picked it.
What is it?
[chuckles softly]
[phone ringing]
Hwang Ji-woo speaking.
What?
-Okay, I'm heading there now.
-[phone chimes]
One of our patients scheduled
for a transplant next week
is experiencing hematemesis,
and his vitals are unstable.
-[retching]
-[tense music]
[nurse 1] Doctor.
[retching]
[monitor beeping]
[groaning]
-Doctor.
-Mr. Bae! Mr. Bae!
Remove this.
[tense music continues]
Order an emergency endoscopy now.
[nurse 2] Okay.
[nurse 1] We're ready for intubation.
[machine beeping]
[Gyeo-ul] His esophageal varices ruptured.
They're doing an endoscopy,
but they can't stop the bleeding.
-He'll need an SB tube.
-[Ik-jun] And his vitals?
BP is 80. Mental status is not good.
We've intubated him.
[sighs deeply]
[door beeps]
[doctor] We managed
to stop the bleeding with the SB tube,
but he's not looking too good.
And there's some minor bleeding.
ICU
STAFF ONLY
When is his transplant surgery
scheduled for?
Monday, so in three days.
He may not actually make it
through the weekend.
Let's try to hold him over until then.
[sighs]
He may not even make it through the night.
-[sighs deeply]
-[suspenseful music]
Let's do this.
[monitor beeping]
[liquid squirting]
[Jun-wan] Will there be
a paravalvular leak?
[Jae-hak] I think it'll be okay.
[Jun-wan] Suture for the ASD, please.
[machine beeping]
Could you call the Professor, please?
[nurse] He said he's almost here.
[Jun-wan] Okay.
[Seong-yeong] Professor,
we have a new patient in the ICU.
A 75-year-old male.
The CT scan shows ICH on the right side.
It's approximately 50cc.
Mental status, stupor.
His right pupil has dilated to about 0.4.
And as for left-side motor,
all traced unresponsive.
Yeah, I checked the CT scan you sent me.
The ICH is severe.
He'll be needing surgery,
so let his family know.
Call Anesthesiology
and book an OR right away.
Got it.
[panting]
Dr. Lee! Is my husband all right?
Will he be okay? He'll live, won't he?
[sighs]
You have to make a decision now.
What?
-[deep sigh]
-[somber music]
[Ik-jun] To tell you the truth,
it doesn't look like
he can hold out until Monday.
[sobbing]
I think that we…
ah, should perform
an emergency liver transplant tonight.
As for the bleeding
from esophageal varices,
we managed to bring it under control
with an SB tube,
which is kind of like a balloon,
which we used to curtail any bleeding.
But unfortunately
his hemoglobin level isn't rising,
and that means
he has minor bleeds on his body.
The best thing to do now would be to
proceed with the transplant to reduce
pressure and to help the circulation.
We could opt to try other things
to stop the bleeding,
but I believe this was ultimately caused
by his liver issues,
I think it would be best
if we get to the bottom of it
by expediting the surgery
and try to reduce the pressure
in his hepatic portal vein.
I think that's the best solution.
[somber music continues]
Okay, let's do it.
I'm going to do it.
[whimpers]
[hopeful music]
[sighs deeply]
The hematoma is worse
than what I saw in the CT scan.
[monitor beeping]
I don't think
we can expect a good prognosis.
I know.
Did you say his wife just passed away?
Yeah, he just came here from her funeral.
Oh, no.
[machine beeping]
[suspenseful music]
SURGERY PATIENT FAMILY
WAITING ROOM
[grunts]
[sniffs]
[sighs]
[Song-hwa] This man isn't young,
and the hematoma is severe,
so he may not regain consciousness.
Monitor him carefully.
-[Seong-yeong] Yes.
-[Seon-bin] Yes, Dr. Chae.
[Song-hwa] Suction.
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[machine beeping]
[suspenseful music continues]
[beeping continues]
[Cheon] What about
the mitral valve? Forceps.
[Jun-wan] I fixed the posterior leaflet,
but it prolapsed again.
The leaflet had thickened,
and the chordae were too thin and long,
so we've fixed that.
[Cheon] Metzenbaum scissors.
Congenital MR can be repaired,
but it does tend to recur in many cases.
[suspenseful music continues]
[rattling]
[Jun-wan] Doesn't the leaflet
look a little bit too thick?
I really hope we can fix it.
[Cheon] We're doing
a valve-sparing operation, so let's try.
[anesthesiologist] Cardioplegia
was administered 15 minutes ago.
[tense music]
[monitor beeping]
[music fades]
[Jun-wan] What's the flow rate?
It's at 20 percent now.
Bring it down, please.
-Stop the pump.
-[anesthesiologist] Stopping pump.
[machine beeping]
Let's keep going. Suction here, please.
Got it.
[liquid squirting]
[tense music]
[sighs deeply]
Pump on.
Turning the pump back on.
In three, two, one.
[machine beeping]
We'll try that again in 20 minutes.
Drain the heart-lung machine.
Be thorough with the suction.
And can we check his PEEP?
If you would,
please request NO gas from the ICU?
[nurse] Understood, Doctor.
[Song-hwa] He had
an intracerebral hemorrhage
in the right basal ganglia,
so we performed surgery
to drain the blood.
We were able to remove
the hematoma in the surgery.
However, he isn't young,
and he lost a lot of blood.
He was already unconscious
when he arrived at our ICU,
so we have to observe him for now
and see how it goes, all right?
[sobbing]
So, Doctor, will my father live?
I'm afraid I can't give you
a good answer at the moment.
He's still in critical condition,
and the hemorrhage may recur
in the next two or three days,
so he may not make it.
All we can do now is wait
for me to give you a definitive answer
if I think he'll live or not.
We'll monitor him carefully
in the ICU tonight.
But even if he makes it tonight,
truthfully, he may never regain
his consciousness.
[all grunt]
[somber music]
I think this was brought on
by the stress he experienced
over the loss of his wife.
Extremely stressful situations
such as the loss of a spouse or a child
can do more damage than a fainting spell
and sometimes cause
a hemorrhage in rare cases.
What do we do…
[sobbing]
We will monitor his condition closely.
Please take good care of him, Doctor.
STAFF ONLY
Oh, Dad. What do we do?
[man sobbing]
Dad.
Dad, what should we do?
My mom's asking me
to go to Yangpyeong with her next week.
Will you be there?
Yeah, of course. Don't worry about it.
Thank you.
You're leaving early today.
You got a date?
[chuckles]
She's on duty tonight.
Ah…
And I have a conference
early tomorrow morning.
These days, I can't get up early, so hard.
I'm off then.
All right.
-[cell phone ringing]
-[door closes]
Yes, Ahn Jeong-won speaking.
[Deok-ju] Professor, I think we found
the right donor for Seung-chae.
It's a female TA patient. Age four.
She's in the ICU at Jae-an right now.
Her weight is 15kg,
and they have the same blood type.
They said that the donor
is in stable condition overall.
What should we do?
What about the ultrasound?
They said everything
in the ultrasound looks good.
She's in the ICU.
How long ago was she admitted?
It said here two days ago.
I see.
Is it okay if I call you back
in a few minutes?
Sure, no problem, Doctor.
[cell phone beeps]
[sighs sharply]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs deeply]
-[sighs]
-[phone clanks]
[phone chimes]
[line trilling]
[Deok-ju] Yes, Professor.
Yes. Um, let's do it.
Please call Seung-chae's mother
and let her know.
Sure, I'll get right on it.
[cell phone beeps]
[phone clacks, thuds]
[sighs]
[pensive music]
[machine beeping]
[Se-hyeok] Scalpel, please.
[squelching]
[dramatic music]
[plastic rustles]
[dramatic music continues]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
-[monitor beeping]
-[liquid squirting]
[Ik-jun] Looks good.
Let's do the bench work.
Sure.
[machine beeping]
[Ik-jun sighs]
[Ik-jun] I'm going to the recipient's OR.
You know what to do, right?
Yes, I've been given instructions.
-Measure the weight of the liver.
-Yes.
[Ik-jun] Is it going well?
Do you see multiple varices?
[Se-hyeok] Yes, Professor.
We have the liver specimen,
but we're getting another bleed
in the stomach.
I see distention.
We're performing a transfusion.
[Ik-jun] Is the bowel swollen?
[Se-hyeok] No, the bowel looks okay.
[Ik-jun] Do the vitals look okay?
[anesthesiologist] Yes.
They're holding up for now,
but this will be hard.
-[sighs deeply]
-[tense music]
[Ik-jun] Take care
of the portal hypertension first.
What should we do?
Let's do a portacaval shunt.
[Se-hyeok] Okay.
We need to fix the IVC.
Satinsky clamp, please.
Get the suture ready.
[machine beeping]
[suspenseful music]
ANESTHESIA DURATION, CURRENT TIME,
ELAPSED TIME
There should be less bleeding now.
[Se-hyeok] Okay.
Very well done, Dr. Jong.
That was a tough one.
I appreciate it. Thank you.
We'll connect them now. Please get ready.
Large Satinsky clamp?
SATURDAY, JULY 10
I'm on my way now. Be there soon.
[Eun-mi] Okay, Professor.
Her cervix is fully dilated.
We'll have her keep pushing
and call you when we move her.
Mmm. Kang Seo-ju is Rh-negative,
so please make sure
you have the right blood ready.
-Have you prepared it yet?
-Yes.
All right, then.
-[clicks]
-[phone chimes]
[slurps]
[cup thuds]
[car alarm beeps]
[sighs]
[machine beeping]
[Ik-jun sighs deeply]
We'll perform reperfusion now.
[Se-hyeok] Okay.
[machine beeping]
[machine whirs]
[squelching]
-[machine whirring]
-[monitor beeping]
Professor, BP is dropping.
[Ik-jun] Large bulldog clamp.
[sighs]
-He's blocking it again.
-What?
He already did reperfusion,
but he's blocking it again
because the BP is dropping.
Is he not supposed to do that?
No, it's not that.
Just keep watching. I'll explain later.
Okay.
[sighs]
Warm saline once again, please?
[sloshing]
[machine whirring]
Please check. We'll try again.
Is it okay now?
-It's dropping again.
-Okay. The clamp again, please.
[suction sloshing]
[sighs]
[sighs deeply]
-[machine beeping]
-[suspenseful music]
-[sighs]
-[monitor beeping]
Is it okay now?
Yes.
Thank you. We'll connect the arteries now.
-[hopeful music]
-[Ik-jun sighs]
-The microscope can come in now.
-[nurse] Yes.
[thuds]
SURGERY STATUS
PATIENT NAME: BAE JONG-SEOP
LEAD SURGEON: LEE IK-JUN
Ms. Kang Seo-ju is okay now,
but her contractions
were a bit on the weak side earlier,
so let the doctor know
if the bleeding gets any worse.
-Sure.
-[Seok-hyeong] Hmm.
Take it easy.
[chuckles]
[engine revs]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[car door closes]
[alarm beeps]
-[all gasp]
-Doctor, how did it go? He's okay, right?
My brother, did he make it?
Yes, the surgery went very well.
[all sob]
-[light music]
-It took a while to stop the bleeding,
and his BP gave us a hard time
while connecting the liver,
but we were able to do it.
[all sigh]
After connecting the liver, we made sure
that blood was flowing into it.
We'll be moving him to the ICU shortly.
He'll be needing absolute rest today,
so we won't wake him up,
which means you can't talk to him.
But I, I assure you can see him
as soon as we've moved him to the ICU.
-Thank you.
-Thank you, Professor.
-Thank you so much, Doctor.
-Thank you.
-[all sob]
[light music continues]
[machine beeping]
[music stops]
[ominous music]
Professor, Jang Jong-gil's pupils
are fully dilated.
There's no voluntary respiration,
and his motor has dropped to zero.
He's in a coma.
His BP has dropped to 80 over 60.
[Song-hwa] Give him dopamine right now.
Is his family there? Tell them to come up.
-Okay, will do.
-[phone chimes]
[Song-hwa] I'm sorry to let you know,
he's not responding to stimuli.
He has no pupillary reflexes.
He is completely unresponsive right now.
There's no voluntary respiration,
so we are suspecting
that he's falling into brain death.
His blood pressure keeps dropping,
and his condition is rapidly declining,
we're using vasopressors, but…
I'm really sorry,
but he may not make it through the day.
[dramatic music]
-No.
-[both sobbing]
[sobbing continues]
[engine revs]
-[cell phone ringing]
-Hm?
SEO YOON-HEE, RESIDENT 1
Hmm.
[Yoon-hee] Professor,
Bang Mi-gyeong has surgery on Monday,
but her BP is 160 over 100 now.
Her head hurts, and her vision is blurry.
The lab results show that
her AST level has gone up to 200,
and her platelet count
has dropped to 60,000.
She needs surgery now.
She's NPO now, isn't she?
Yes. Her BP has been on the rise,
so we've listed her as NPO.
Okay, call Anesthesiology now. Book an OR.
-I'm on my way there.
-Got it.
[phone chimes]
[sighs]
[car alarm beeps]
[soft chuckle]
[sighs deeply]
Did the surgery go well?
Yeah.
How's the patient?
He's okay.
Gosh.
I bet he saw the Grim Reaper
a few times, though.
[scoffs]
[sighs deeply]
Ik-jun, about Mr. Jang Jong-gil…
we may have to declare him brain-dead.
[gasps]
[sighs deeply]
I don't think he's going to
make it through the night.
[both sigh]
[exhales deeply]
[cell phone ringing]
I'm coming down now.
Seung-chae's mother is there, right?
[Geon] Yes, Professor.
She's waiting for you here.
All right.
[phone chimes]
[sighs]
-[Min-ha] Thank you very much.
-[door opens]
Yeah.
[exhales deeply]
[door closes]
[monitor beeping]
Hey, mister, could you try
moving two fingers?
[machine beeping]
[dramatic music]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs]
[hurried footsteps approaching]
I heard you had to come in
three times today.
-Hmm? Did I?
-Ah…
Well, I have nothing to give you,
but I have this.
[both laugh]
Here you go.
Just what I needed. Thanks.
[soft chuckle]
Professor, Ms. Kang Seo-ju
wanted me to tell you she's sorry.
Hmm?
She tried her best to wait for you,
but her baby wouldn't let her.
[laughs]
She said you can punish her
while you're doing your rounds on Monday.
Anyway, drive safely, okay?
Bye. Get going. Bye, bye.
-Go.
-Right.
-[gentle music]
-[giggles]
Bye, now. Bye. Bye. Get going.
I'll see you.
Take care. Drive safely.
He's still in critical condition
at the moment.
But thankfully, he seems
to be regaining consciousness.
[all sigh]
[sobs]
He's okay now.
If he continues to recover like this,
and if nothing else happens,
then his mental status
will improve gradually.
-Okay.
We're very glad to see that
he's regaining consciousness.
He's still sleeping at the moment,
but you can make eye contact with him
as soon as he wakes up.
You can go in.
-Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
Hey, Dad. Dad, we are all here.
[all sobbing]
[patient's son 1] Dad, can you hear me?
We all came to see you.
-[patient's daughter] Dad.
-[patient's son 2] Dad, can you hear me?
Dad, can you see me?
It's me, your youngest daughter!
Can you see me?
[patient son 2] Open your eyes, Dad.
Dad.
[patient's daughter sobbing]
[patient's son 1] Can you hear me?
Dad, we're here.
[sobbing]
No… please.
-[patient's son 1] Dad. Dad.
-[patient's daughter] Wake up, dad. Dad.
-[patient's son 1] He woke up!
-[patient's daughter chuckles]
Here's your youngest daughter, dad.
Do you recognize me?
Dad!
[patient's son 1]
It's your youngest son, dad!
-[sobbing]
-Please say something, Dad.
-Dad, please.
-Dad.
-You get better, so hang in there, okay?
-[sobbing]
[indistinct chatter]
[sobbing]
[patient's daughter] Hang in there, Dad.
["In Front Of The Post Office In Autumn"
by Kim Dae Myung playing]
[Jeong-won] The surgery for the donor
has already begun.
And they're extracting the organ
as we speak.
We'll start preparing immediately,
so that we can proceed
with Seung-chae's transplant surgery
right away
as soon as we receive
the organ from the donor.
Uh, I expect that the entire procedure
should take around ten hours.
But Seung-chae has undergone
intestinal surgery multiple times,
so it could take longer
depending on how severe the adhesions are.
[sighs deeply]
This is going to be
very painful and difficult for Seung-chae.
Please pray for her
so that she can stay strong.
She's going to need a lot of strength.
[sobs]
This surgery won't be easy for me either,
but I will do my very best.
[sobbing]
[music fades]
In the name of the Father,
and the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
[rasping]
[sighs deeply]
-[thuds]
-[clanks]
[light music]
SURGERY IN PROGRESS
[sighs]
[hopeful music]
[music fades]
[footsteps approaching]
[gasps]
Finally! Here it comes.
[Jeong-won] Here.
-[Jun-wan] Wow.
-[Song-hwa giggles]
Hey, you pigs! Count to ten
before eating, okay?
Ten.
Nine.
-You're so good.
-[Seok-hyeong] All right.
Look at you training them.
Eight.
Seven.
Six.
Hey, this is your place.
-Why did I cook this?
-[Ik-jun] Five.
-Four.
-You offered too. That's why.
-Three.
-I did?
Two, one. Go!
[Song-hwa giggles]
[clanks]
Hey, I have something to tell you guys.
Go!
The pigs will be shocked,
so I'll just tell you after we eat.
Come on, what is it?
You're making me nervous.
It's not important.
[slurping]
So suddenly? What is it?
[slurps]
I'll keep working
until the end of the year,
but I'll be gone by next year.
Professor Lee Ji-yeong
will return next year,
and the chief already approved it.
The director has approved it too.
And it will only be for a year.
Just one year.
So don't worry, I'll be back.
What about your mom?
My mom is okay with it too.
[soft chuckle]
She said there must be a reason
her son suddenly wants to go
to the States to study
and said she was okay with it.
Are you going alone?
I'm not. I'll be with Gyeo-ul.
She's coming with me.
For a year?
Yeah, just a year.
I wanna study small bowel transplantation.
You can also do it here too, you know.
The hospital there will let me
participate in their research and surgery.
I may never get another chance.
[deep inhale]
[sighs]
If I don't go,
I know, I'll regret it.
[Ik-jun sighs]
So Jeong-won, then…
Hmm, who's gonna play drums for us?
Hey, I'm not leaving yet.
I'll be here until the end of the year.
And then after you leave,
can we reach out and talk
to our big sister for help? I mean, Rosa.
[chuckling]
Sure.
My mom has a good sense of rhythm,
so I'm sure she'll pick it up
really quickly.
[soft chuckle]
We've all been busy,
so we can't even gather together
once a month.
I guess what it mean is…
we can only practice together
a few more times.
[sighs]
[light acoustic music]
You know, you don't have to be
such a downer all the time.
I hope it all goes well.
A year is nothing.
I told you. I'm not leaving yet.
[sighs]
I shouldn't have told you guys so soon.
Hey, it's already 10 p.m.
Are we starting? Hmm?
You know, I picked the song for today.
I know.
Let's do it.
But why do I…
get the feeling that…
this is going to be our last jam session?
[soft chuckle]
[chuckles]
-Let's do it.
-[Song-hwa] All right.
Okay!
[Ik-jun sighs]
["Butterfly" (Drama version)
by Mido and Falasol playing]
[in Korean]
♪ The foolish world doesn't know you ♪
♪ It can't see you
When you're hidden in regret ♪
♪ But I know you and I see you ♪
♪ You and your splendid wings ♪
♪ Don't be afraid you can do it ♪
♪ With a little wiggle ♪
♪ Spread your wings and fly up ♪
♪ Fly up to the sky ♪
♪ You shine like the sun ♪
♪ Though that world
Cruelly stands in your way ♪
♪ Oh, shining one
♪ I love you ♪
♪ Fly away so the world can see you ♪
[cell phone ringing]
Yes, hello?
[Dong-ik] Is this Mr. Do Jae-hak?
Yes, and who is this?
This is Assistant Inspector Kim Dong-ik
from Gangnam Police Station.
You filed charges
against Mr. Park Hwan-gyu
about a rental scam in 2019.
Yes. What about it?
I'm contacting you
because I'm in charge of the case now.
We recently arrested Mr. Park,
and we are conducting an investigation.
I called to let you know that
he wishes to settle the case with you.
Can I give him your contact info
if you're perhaps interested
in settling the case?
Well…
["Butterfly" (Drama version)
by Mido and Falasol playing]
You know what, Du-na,
I really thought you'd be here forever.
I am happy to go home.
It looks like you got a phone.
So you can use phones now, huh.
Just for texting.
My mom bought it for me to use.
[chuckles]
And where is she?
Taking care of the discharge process?
I don't know.
She's been in the…
bathroom for a while.
[sobbing]
MOM, I'M SORRY I TOOK IT OUT ON YOU
LOVE YOU, MOM, AND THANK YOU
[Du-na] Mom,
I'm sorry I took it out on you.
I love you, Mom.
And thank you.
[sobbing]
Next is…
Next is Ms. Kim Su-jeong
according to the chart.
Yes, she's up next.
[chuckles]
-Hello, Dr. Yang.
-Hello, Doctor.
[Seok-hyeong] Hi there.
So how have you two been?
Good.
It looks like you have
some good news for me, huh.
[soft chuckle]
Well…
another baby angel came to me.
Doctor, please keep my baby safe.
Just like before. Would you do that?
[soft chuckle]
["Butterfly" by Jeon Mi Do playing]
["Butterfly" by Jeon Mi Do
continues playing]
What is it? Did something happen?
I met the family of the guy
who scammed me.
The family of that same scumbag
who scammed me two years ago.
[gasping]
Why did you meet them?
The scammer, he…
He got caught pulling another scam.
Now, he's scared of going to jail…
and wants to settle the case.
If we do that, he can be released
on probations so…
I settled then.
What do you mean it's not important?
Did you get your money back?
[sobbing]
[crying]
[sobbing continues]
["Butterfly" instrumental playing]
I…
I did.
I got all my money back.
[sobbing continues]
[in Korean] ♪ Even when you're in pain
Like a drooping flower ♪
♪ Even when you feel dejected
Like a fallen tree ♪
♪ I believe in you and you believe in me ♪
♪ We believe in each other ♪
[singing off-tune]
♪ Listen to your heart ♪
♪ You tried so hard ♪
♪ Spread your wings and fly up ♪
♪ Fly up to the sky ♪
-♪ You're breathtakingly beautiful ♪
-♪ Even if the world ♪
-♪ Coldly turns its back on you ♪
-♪ You're dazzling ♪
-♪ I love you ♪
-♪ Fly away so the world can see you ♪
-♪ You shine like the sun ♪
-♪ Though that world ♪
-♪ Cruelly stands in your way ♪
♪ Oh, shining one ♪
♪ I love you ♪
-♪ Fly away so the world can see you ♪
[music ending]
[wind gusting]
[hurried footsteps approaching]
STRIVE FOR TRANSPARENCY
AND MILITARY EXCELLENCY
[panting]
What are you doing here?
[gentle music]
Don't tell me…
Don't tell me that you're here
to see me.
No, I'm not.
I'm here for the jjajangmyeon.
I wanna try the ganjjajang.
["Running In The Sky" by HYNN playing]
[sighs]
[sobbing]
["Running In The Sky" by HYNN continues]
[Song-hwa] Did U-ju go camping again
with Mo-ne and her dad?
[Ik-jun] Mm-hmm.
Mr. Jang is just too good
in entertaining them.
You know, last week,
they played a character quiz game.
[laughs]
I'd love to see that.
Let's tag along next time.
Sure.
[sighs deeply]
Hey, aren't you supposed
to have a breast exam soon?
Yeah, next week.
[fire crackling]
And your mom's neurology appointment?
That's in two weeks.
[crickets creaking]
You're getting sleepy?
Yeah, I'm about to fall asleep.
[soft chuckle]
[Song-hwa] Good night.
[Ik-jun sighs]
[tent zipper rasping]
[crickets creaking]
-[slurping]
-[fire crackling]
[fire crackling]
["Aloha" by Cho Jung Seok playing]
[Ik-jun grunts]
[music fades]
4 MONTHS LATER
[sighs]
Oh, Professor Yang!
[exhales deeply]
Dr. Do, you can come in now.
Oh, Okay.
[Hyo-ju pants]
-[whimpering]
-[monitor beeping]
[Seok-hyeong]
You're almost there. Just a little more.
Hold your breath
and give me one more push,
and the baby will be out.
Okay. One, two, three. Push!
[grunting]
[groaning]
[pants]
[baby cries]
[sobbing]
[dramatic music]
[baby cries]
-[sobs]
-[dramatic music continues]
Hi, baby. Hello.
[sobbing]
The baby's crying just fine.
Everything looks good.
We can move her
to the newborn nursery now.
[Seok-hyeong] Did you hear that?
She's completely healthy,
so the pediatrician said
we can start moving her
to the nursery now.
You did great.
Your baby is very healthy.
Yes, thank you, Doctor.
Thank you.
[sobbing]
I'll be a good mother.
[Jae-hak] You did so well.
You did it, honey.
I love you.
[both sobbing]
[dramatic music]
I love you.
[Hye-ju] I love you too.
[Jun-wan] My gosh, congratulations.
How's your wife, huh?
Who does the baby look like?
Oh…
Thank goodness she takes after your wife.
I won't be calling you today,
you just stay glued to your wife.
I know how stressed
and worried you've been lately.
Jae-hak.
I don't understand the word you're saying.
Give me a call me when you're done crying.
All right, bye.
[soft chuckle]
So when is his wife's surgery, then?
Her chemotherapy is done, right?
Well, her surgery
will be as soon she recovers.
And her final chemo session
took place last week.
And thankfully,
the tumor responded very well,
-so she can barely feel it anymore.
-Wow.
I heard tumors that respond well to chemo
have a good prognosis.
That's great news. Gosh.
I think it's the most exciting news
I've heard all year.
I feel the same way.
When Jae-hak told me the news,
I just teared up.
Hmm. Well, the blood work looks good.
So does her abdominal X-ray.
And she's gained a lot of weight.
Does she ever get stomachaches
or diarrhea at home?
Oh, no, not at all.
There have been no stomachaches
or any loose stools.
I'm so happy, Doctor.
She's been emptying her bowls
three times a day.
[soft chuckle]
[sighs]
Everything looks great.
[chuckles]
So, Seung-chae,
am I not getting one today?
[laughs]
Could I please have one? Ah…
You know, you can only eat that now,
thanks to me.
That's not true.
Yes, it is.
No, it's not.
Ah…
[crunching]
Hmm.
[all laugh]
YULJE MEDICAL CENTER
[light music]
[Ik-jun] What is it?
What are you looking at?
[Song-hwa] The sky. Isn't it beautiful?
[Jeong-won] It really is.
[Jun-wan] Hey, guys, what is it?
-[Seok-hyeong] The sky's so pretty.
-[Jun-wan] Ahh.
It was like this yesterday.
I see it pretty often.
Oh, thanks. Thanks for telling us.
When I was young,
I loved watching the sunrise.
But for some reason,
I now love watching the sunset.
You wanna know why?
Because it's time to go home.
[laughs]
You can call it a day and go home.
That's why you like it.
[all sigh]
["Someday" by Mido and Falasol playing]
["Someday" by Mido and Falasol
continues playing]
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING
HOSPITAL PLAYLIST